It's so easy that it makes me laugh!
N: Ai-chan
N: I’m here with you
A: You’re rather loud
N: Ai-chan
A: At this moment, I'm browsing the internet, can you keep quiet?
N: It's time to play Cryptract
A: Aaaaahh!
A: I also want to do a video about an incident!
A: It’d be great
A: I want to make a balloon pop
A: Ah?
A: Thank you very much for the large amount of friend requests that you all sent to me through Twitter!
This is the 10th time I play Cryptract, but...
... I was always playing alone
This time I plan to battle a lot with all of you!
I played a friend battle with Mamiruton-san, right?
First I should...
… Go to the arena!
The Arena is the place where you can fight with other players...
.... To confront their skills
The battle score obtained during the fight...
... Is divided into five different classes
For each class, you'll receive orbs as prizes so they make sure to participate a lot!
The friend battle I'll be playing today...
… Will not permit event points, but...
… You can compare your strength with your friend's strength
Eeeeh?
Right now I'm rank C, but... well...
… I should give an excuse, right?
Although at strength level, I could reach rank SS, but...
… Lately I've been doing a lot of Union battles, so then...
… It can be said that I haven't been doing a lot of fights in the Arena...
So then that doesn't mean that I'm weak!
And then...
… I want to start the battle immediately, but...
Do all of you know?
I, Kizuna Ai, although it seems like a joke, I’m a
"Union master", right?
I'm just that powerful!!
But...
… Lately I also wanted to play with those who are just starting
Today, I plan to play a match of the second category
First off, I plan to confront those who recently just started!
Let's go! To confront!
Here I go!
Man, it’s really adorable
You know...?
… This is a team of 4 stars that I didn't level up much, so then...
… I think this will be a great battle
In fact, it's possible that... it's possible that I might lose...
Maybe?
Maybe I'll lose a little?
You see? Aaaahhhh!
Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh?
It can't be...
Yes!
Good resurrection!
Good, I revived her!
No, but, but...
The only strong ones are the two that's in the front, right?
Aaahhh!
Eh? Can I really do this?
Eh? Wait a moment
Eh? Wa-wa-wait, wait
Eh? Well...
Hello, hello?
No... it can't be true
No, but...
T-this doesn't mean that...
… I’m weak, instead I'm just holding back so then...
No, but...
... Even if I'm holding back...
If I manage to lose by trying so hard to hold myself back...
Wouldn't that be disastrous?
Let's see...
Stop! Really! Please!
Yes
I'll revive her as many times as necessary
Good, aahhh...
I revi...
Just when I revived her...
For now, I'll finish her off, I’ll try to defeat an enemy
She wastes the HP she used for herself, yes!
Can I do it?
I did it!
Ah!
Eh? Aaahhh!
It's true!
I didn't choose a friend for them to help me, I see...
And my opponent has a friend that helps them
I don't like that at all
Eh? What does this mean?
It’ll... it’ll be easy
Don't worry
It's my level 4 team that I didn't level up
Wouldn’t it be shameful to lose with such a difference this way?
This isn't good! Right?
Really
Aaahh...
Really, I'm thinking this isn't good
Well...
Well, sometimes I'm like that
Someone hear my wish
But really they defeated me entirely, what does this mean?
Give me a break
Really please! Hey! Please!
Please!
Really, please!
Really!
Hey, hey now...
Very please!
Eh? Who do I revive?
Her...
Maybe she had...?
Ah! Wait! I think I made a mistake, wait...
I wanted to revive someone who had that skill
But I think I messed up
Stop, please, I'm begging you
HAVE MERCY!!
Ah, man, really, why?
I'm in trouble
I'm in trouble, I'm really in trouble
Why are you guys recovering all your energy?
Don't heal anymore!
That's bad!
Healing is...!
Cheating!
That's not good
Even if I heal
Aaahh...
How strange, right?
I lost, right?
Well...
I held myself back
Right?
Good...
… starting from now the Invincible Union Master Kizuna Ai’s time has come!
*Starting from now, I'll use the team that I'm used to, to play!!*
Good, I'll choose this person! Te, ren!
"Namikaze.exe"-san, here I go!
I will definitely win!
She's shining!
No, she's really adora...
Eh? What's that belly button?
Eh?
Eh? Wait, they looks very powerful
Wait
Ah, but...
It's true
My leader skill...
… Makes it so the attacks at the first turn doesn't damage me at all
What do you think of that?
Everyone attack!
Eh? Is this not working out?
This... dragon looks very powerful, right?
I like your legs, your belly button and your legs are great
Ah!
Ah, ah
It did nothing to me
It's a piece of cake, right?
Petrify them, please!
Please!
Ah!
Someone turned to stone? Who?
Yes, they did nothing to me, well...
You did some damage
Attack all the enemies
Maybe with this I can... defeat... that adorable... that Onee-san who has an adorable outfit...?
… And this behind the others?
Ah! Aaahhh!
It's that!
You have that? That...
You're the girl that has that blessing skill?
I don't like that
*Ginger has the skill "Blessing of One"*
When I have her with me, it's comforting, but...
… When an enemy uses it, it's a very annoying skill
Eh? I see, but...
...In a moment like this...
I should use the electric attack of Tiana-chan, right?
Ti...! Ah, I already used it...
I ruined it!
In that case, I'll attack this enemy
Yes!
Pakooon! Even if you're adorable, I'm very sorry
Good!
Eh? It's huge! They look very powerful
They seem very powerful
They look very powerful
It has a terrifying appearance
That guy has a terrifying appearance
Eh? Wait... Eh?
Am I in trouble?
Eh?
Eeehhh?
Wait
Wait a moment
Weeeell...
This doesn't look good!
Wait, hey, please!
Please, please listen to me, please
Really, please
Really, please!
Eh? This... if I manage to defeat her...!
With an electric attack...!
Yes! 5! 4!
4! 3! 2! 1!
Aaaahh! That was close!
Ah, wait, I'm in trouble?
Ah
Oooh... really, not now...
Eh? Is it a joke? Eh?
Am I okay?
Eh? Wait
Wa...it...
Really, really
Have mercy!
Ah!
Oh, 2 more times
I'm in trouble, right?
I'm in trouble
Ah, with this, I'll get it! With this, I'll get it!
Let's go!
What do you think of that?
What do you think of that, Dorothy?
Ah! Very good!
Very good! Oh! Maybe...?
But...
I don't have a lot of HP
Eh?
Get paralyzed, please
Please
Did it get paralyzed?
Well, it didn't get paralyzed
Really, I'm about to cry
Stop please!
Ah, I can do it! Ah, but this is...
... A piece of cake, right?
Ah, It's really easy!
Take this
Ooohh! It's great, right? It looks great
Ah, just a bit more
One, two and... can I do it with this attack?
I did it!
Thank you very much!
*Absolute Victory*
Man, that was a piece of cake
Well...
… For a moment, I thought I was in trouble, but...
Well, it was a piece of cake
A: Hmm...?
A: Ah, Noripi-san!
A: Where were you hiding?
N: I hid because you said something very terrifying
A: Eeehhh? It's just that I wanted to make a balloon pop
A: A balloon
N: Of course, what do you expect to find once you pop the balloon?
N: You have a terrifying look!
A: No, don't worry, don't worry
A: VR Ojii-san can confirm I’m safe
N: Is that true?
A: Ah, hey Noripi-san! Let's play a battle!
N: Can I really return home safe and sound if I win the battle?
A: Of course!
A: In fact, if you get to lose you will not be able to return safely... to your company
N: Don’t say something so unpleasant, please
A: So then to pressure you a bit...
A: … I'll start and I'll finish the battle in an instant
N: Very good
A: Of course, in the case that we win both our battles...
A: … The winner will be determined by the number of remaining turns
N: Ok
A: Very good, do your best
N: It's just what I was planning to do
A: In that case! Forward!
*Kizuna Ai vs Noripi will battle in an Arena fight!!
They will fight against the CPU to challenge each other
(In the case both win, the winner will be determined by the number of remaining turns)*
N: What kind of team will you use for this fight?
A: Well...
A: ...Without messing up the balance...
A: ...I have a team...
A: … A team of adorable girls that I like a lot
A: She’s adorable, who...? Who is she?
A: With that kind of pink veil...
N: Fuurin, right?
A: Fuurin-chan... Ah! She’s also adorable, Eh? That's cheating!
A: Eh? Wait... didn't they take too much energy with just one attack?
A: This... who’s the girl with the chains?
N: Haura
A: Haura-chan
A: How cute, I want her
A: Ah, if I manage to win!
N: Yes, yes
A: In that case, I won’t make you pop...
A: But give her to me
N: Eh?
N: If you win, you’ll make me explode?
A: Eh?
N: Eh?
N: Eh? Listen to me...
A: Wait a second, if I win, you'll gift it to me
N: Ah
N: At Fuurin?
A: That’s right and also...
N: You want Fuurin?
A: ...I’ll make you pop, Noripi-san
N: Yes, yes
N: Eh?
A: Eh?
A: After all, if I win, you lose, right?
N: But then I should just win, right?
N: I just need to win in less turns than you, Ai-chan
A: That’s right
A: Ah, but I’m in trouble
A: I’m in trouble, right?
A: Aren't they too powerful, Noripi-san?
N: Well...
A: Wait! Wait! Wait!
A: Isn't this too serious?
N: I had faith in you
A: Eh? Isn't this too serious?
N: You know, to prepare myself for this fight, I did a lot of summonings
A: You really don't want to lose, right?
N: Shemihaza appeared, she...
A: Eh? She’s adorable, right?
N: Yes
A: Eh?
A: How immature!
N: After all, I can't let you win
N: Definitely
A: Man, even then, you're very immature
A: After all...
A: ...I...
A: To tell you the truth...
A: ...It’s only been a year since I noticed that I'm alive... let's say I have 1 year of life
N: You're one years old
A: That's right, I'm 1 years old
N: It’s incredible
A: How many years do you have, Noripi-san?
N: Well yes, it turns out...
N: I have quite a lot of years...
N: More than 30 years
A: I knew it
A: Eh? And even then...
A: You're fine with doing this?
N: Well, in the world of Cryptract, age doesn't matter
A: Even if you say that... really...
*Use the Giga Buff just before doing a powerful group attack*
N: Look...
N: … I'm distracting you with our chat...
*Use the Giga Buff just before doing a powerful group attack*
N: ...And they are cornering you
A: No, not at all
N: Really?
A: Not at all
A: After all, I already...
A: ...Defeated an enemy... I can do it...
A: I-I can do it
N: Oh, they’ll defeat a member of your team
A: Eh?
A: Well...
A: Really, I want you to stop
A: Eh? Is this for real? It really bothers me
N: Oh!
A: Yaaay! And also they did the attack with the biggest power thanks to the buff!
A: Ah, this is a piece of cake!
A: Ah! How fun!
A: It's so easy that it makes me laugh!
A: Noripi-san...
A: Are you seeing this?
N: Incredible!
A: Noripi-san!
A: Are you seeing this?
N: Aaaahh!
A: Man...
A: If you use the buff, it's a piece of cake
N: It can't be!
A: Eh? I still had 55 remaining turns
N: How great! So then 55 turns?
A: Will it be fine like that?
A: In that case, Noripi-san
N: Yes!
A: March!
N: Hey, why don't we leave this?
A: Why do you say that?
N: Well, you defeated them really quickly
A: Eh? But...
A: … Aren't you one of the developers of the game, Noripi-san?
N: Yes
A: Right? Of course, you're pretty familiarized with Cryptract
A: So then my team is a piece of cake for you, right?
N: Yes
A: Really, you don't seem very enthusiastic *laughs*
A: Are you okay?
N: Let's do it!
A: Yes!
N: Good
N: I definitely won't lose!
A: Eh? Do your best! Do your best!
N: After all, I’m one of the developers...
N: Good! Wait a moment, yes?
A: Man, Haura-chan is adorable
N: No
N: I think in this occasion, Haura-chan...
A: Mmm... mmm....
N: … Hasn’t been a great challenge for you
A: No, but that powerful attack at the start...
A: ...Reduced a lot of HP, right?
N: Ah!
N: It's true
A: She’s adorable, I want her
N: You want her?
N: I don’t think that’d be possible
A: No, but for the developers it’d be easy, just as easy
N: I can't do that
A: Damn it
N: I'm ready to start
A: Yes!
N: And if we leave it there?
N: Why don't we leave it? Leave it there?
A: No, no, I'm fine, I'm completely fine
N: Really ?
A: Onward, onward
A: Eh? After all, I had 55 remaining turns
N: Good, march!
A: Yes!
N: Good, here I go!
A: Do your best
N: Good!
N: Good! Good! Good!
A: Hey, you're really transmitting your...
A: ...Nervousness
N: Oh!
A: Eh?
N: Eh?
N: Isn’t this somewhat... somewhat strange?
A: The enemy...
A: Wait a moment!
A: Wait a moment!!
N: Good! Good!
A: Hey, wait a moment!
A: Wait! Wait! That’s wrong!
N: Good!
A: That's really wrong!
N: I can do it!
N: Goood!
A: Wait a moment, this is wrong!
A: Who did this!?
A: Hey!
A: Wait a moment!
N: Very good!
A: Hey, this isn't right, this doesn't count
N: Very good
N: I plan to do it with all of my strength!
A: Eh? Does this seem okay, mr. developer?
A: Will you feel satisfied for winning like that?
N: I can do it with all of my strength
A: It's natural that you will win by doing this
N: No, no, no, no, no, no
N: After all, I'll do it with all my strength
A: No, this can't be
N: Man, this...
A: This isn’t right
A: Eh? I'm sure this was your doing, Noripi-san
N: No, no, no, no
N: This was very easy, right?
A: You resort to such childish tricks
N: Good!
N: I can do it! I can do it!
A: Eh? But it caused you so much...
N: No, that's nothing
N: Please look
A: No, I won't look
A: How adorable, she’s really adorable
N: Look at this
A: Eh? But really... I don't like it
N: I used the warrior technique...
N: Actually I think I don't need to use it...
A: Eh, Noripi-san are you okay?
A: If you manage...
N: Yes, yes, yes
A: If you manage to lose like this...
A: … I'll end up hating Cryptract
N: No... please don't say that!
A: Are you okay?
N: Starting from now...
A: Eh? This can't be!
N: Starting from now, I’ll use automatic mode
A: This! What does this mean?
N: Using automatic mode, I'll leave it to be automatic
A: Eh? Is it fine for developer to use automatic mode?
N: Man, now...
A: That's cheating!
A: Yes, cheating! Yes, cheating! It doesn't count!
N: It's very easy, very easy
A: That's cheating!
N: Now there’s not...
A: This is... this is...
A: This is cheating!
N: Ey! Ey!
A: This is...
A: Really...
N: Now I can win without doing anything
A: Eh? What does this mean?
N: Now there's nothing more... please look
A: I won't look
N: Look!
A: I'm not looking at all
N: This... this enemy took a bit more work
A: How annoying...
N: Look
N: I did it! I definitely won!
A: Eh?
N: I'm definitely very powerful
N: It was very easy!
A: Eh? Haven't you noticed, Noripi-san?
N: Eh? What...? What are you referring to?
A: Well...
N: Yes, yes, yes
A: You activated automatic mode, right?
N: Yes, I activated automatic mode because it was too easy
N: Since it was so easy, then...
A: Well, of course...
N: Yes, yes
A: … In the case that we both won
A: How did we say the winner was determined?
N: By the number of turns?
A: How many remaining turns did you have, Noripi-san?
N: Eh!?
N: Well, I didn't check, but...
A: It was 54
N: It can’t be!
N: That's not possible!! That's not possible!!
A: You want to see the recording?
N: G-good, let's look
N: Is it true?
A: Onward with the recording!
N: This... this enemy took a bit more work
A: How annoying...
N: Look...
N: Look
A: As you can see...
N: I'm very sorry
N: I lost
A: Good, well...
A: It was an expecting result
A: How shameful, right?
N: No, no, no, no...
A: For an adult who's also supposed to be a developer
N: I'm sorry, really, I'm sorry
A: It bothers you so much!! Right?
N: No, no, no, no, no
N: No, but I just recently won, right?
A: Eh?
N: I want very easily
A: In that case, haven't you seen my fight?
A: Let's stop escaping from reality
N: It was determined by the number of remaining turns?
A: Yes, I had 55 remaining turns...
A: ...And you, Noripi-san, 54
N: 54
N: I lost, right?
A: Yes
N: Man, I can't return like that to the company!
A: No
N: No, no, no, no
A: Return and let them give you a lecture
A: They’ll lower your salary, right?
N: They’ll definitely lower my salary
A: Give that part of your salary to me!
N: No, no, no, no, no
A: Man...
N: Man...
N: Hey, now that I lost, do you really plan to po…? Do you really plan to pop me?
A: Yes, of course
N: Eh?
N: You're very strict, right?
A: Eh? I'm not strict, you lost your bet...
A: So now you have no other option other than to be popped, you don’t want to be in your place, right?
A: Now you'll be a slave to your company, right?
N: Man...
N: I really lowered my guard and I got careless
N: Aahhh...
N: I really want to start over
A: Ah, we're not going to start over
N: Man...
N: We can't do it as if what happened before never occurred?
A: Eh? No, no, no
N: You can't do anything with your power?
A: Of course...
N: Yes, yes
A: I didn't use my strongest team before...
A: ...Instead... instead it was a team I chose mysteriously
A: So then if I got 55 turns with that team...
A: … You have no chance of winning against my strongest team
N: It's true
A: That’s right
N: Man... now... now... I'll go home!!
N: Now, I’ll go home, now...
A: You plan to go?
N: I’ll go
A: Ah, very good
A: We’ll close it here?
N: Eh?
A: Right?
A: You're about to leave now, right?
N: I’ll go
A: In that case, let’s close the video, yes!
A: This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai and...!
N: ...The advertising promoter, Noripi
A: See you later!
N: See you later!
A: Good, good luck in your company!
A: Bye bye!
A: See you later!
A: Did you think I would let you go? Idiot
* RIP Noripi *
(＾_＾)
Translated by Vortex